---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/08 Writing/CIM515.2 - Assessment 2 - Project Pitch/CIM515.2 - Assessment 2 - Project Pitch/","dg-note-properties":{}}
---

## Assessment 2 - Project Pitch

**Title: Project Pitch**

|   |   |
|---|---|
|**Due**|Week 6|
|**Weighting**|30%|
|**Submission Format**|Pre-recorded 10-minute video pitch for sharing in Graduate Seminar, with synchronous responses to questions|

**Brief**

The Project Pitch is a formal presentation of your proposed Capstone Project to a general academic audience. You will deliver a 10-minute pitch to the MCI supervisors and your peers. During the presentation, you must 
- describe the creative project, 
- define the significance of the creative work in the broader context of your professional trajectory, 
- clearly articulate the relationship between 
	- the proposed creative and 
	- scholarly research outcomes and 
- demonstrate your contribution to a broader body of knowledge.

The presentation should be **pre-recorded** for asynchronous delivery to be shared and viewed in a synchronous webinar followed by live questions. 

You should **==demonstrate==** a thorough and ==detailed knowledge== of your subject. The presentation must be well organised and make effective use of ==audio/visual resources. ==

It must also demonstrate your ability to ==focus on the important elements== in your work and to communicate these effectively to the listener.

**Requirements**

You will deliver a 10-minute formal pitch presentation of your intended project to an audience of your supervisors and peers. Your pitch must include: 

- An ==overview== of your project including its cultural/social context
- A ==research question==, or area for exploration
- Explanation of ==your role== in the project and how it will ==build on your previous practice ==
- The ==relevant literature you have or **will** explore ==
- Your proposed ==methodology== and the methods you will use to answer your research question
- ==Details of the creative work== that you propose to produce
- A ==timeline for completion== of the project, allowing adequate time for the creative and scholarly components of the submission. 

Your presentation may be assigned a grade subject to amendments. In this situation, you will be required to revise your project to the satisfaction of your supervisor. Required amendments are most often in relation to the scope of the intended work, a point or ethical consideration, or the logic of the argument. 

Receiving an instruction to revise your project means that your project cannot be completed in its original form within the institutional setting of SAE University College.

  

**AI Use**

**Assessment Criteria**

|   |   |
|---|---|
|**Element**|**Weighting**|
|During the presentation of your pitch at seminar, you will receive feedback from academics and peers in attendance on your scope, methodology, and literature. Additionally, the academics in attendance will assign a Green, Amber or Red Light, indicating whether it can proceed as is, proceed with caveats, or be rethought altogether.  <br>Your tutor will assign your grade according to the criteria below, and summarise any required amendments to your work. Amendments must be completed to the satisfaction of your supervisor and the unit coordinator at the start of Week 8.|   |
|Presentation  <br>- clarity, audibility, intelligibility  <br>- professionalism  <br>- use of presentation aids|20%|
|Introduction  <br>- context  <br>- research question|20%|
|Literature  <br>- identification of relevant themes  <br>- sourcing of relevant texts|20%|
|Methodology  <br>- overarching methodology (research paradigm)  <br>- methods  <br>- connection of methods to research question/aims|20%|
|Scope  <br>- relevance of the work to your previous practice  <br>- realistic schedule for creative work  <br>- realistic schedule for academic work (reading, writing, reflection, analysis, submission of drafts, etc.)|20%|


[[01 Inbox Unsorted/Timeline/CIM515 Research Design\|CIM515 Research Design]]